New questions (#381)
uccser/codewof: codewof/programming/content/en/form-circle/question.md

# Form Circle

A class is outside in a line to play duck duck goose. They must make a circle in order to start.

Write a function `form_circle(students)` that takes a list of students, `students`, and **prints** `{first student} and {last student} should sit next to each to make a circle.`

> If there is only one student they should sit next to themselves. Your function will not be tested with 0 students.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your function will not be tested with less than 3 students.
```

I think the situations of 1 and 2 students doesn't make much sense, so probably easier to keep the number in tests above 2. The tests would need to be changed too.
